[Durable Objects] call out currently unsupported locations for hints (#18472)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/durable-objects/reference/data-location.mdx

### Supported locations

| Parameter | Location                   |
| --------- | -------------------------- |
| wnam      | Western North America      |
| enam      | Eastern North America      |
| sam       | South America <sup>2</sup> |
| weur      | Western Europe             |
| eeur      | Eastern Europe             |
| apac      | Asia-Pacific               |
| oc        | Oceania                    |
| afr       | Africa <sup>2</sup>        |
| me        | Middle East <sup>2</sup>   |

<sup>1</sup> Dynamic relocation of existing Durable Objects is planned for the
future.

> <sup>2</sup> Durable Objects currently do not spawn in this location. Instead,
> the Durable Object will spawn in a nearby location which does support Durable
> Objects. For example, Durable Objects hinted to South America spawn in Eastern
> North America instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<sup>2</sup> Durable Objects currently do not spawn in this location. Instead, the Durable Object will spawn in a nearby location which supports Durable Objects. For example, Durable Objects hinted to South America spawn in Eastern North America instead.
```
Is that example guaranteed to always happen?

Author: Currently, yes. See https://where.durableobjects.live/region/sam
Anything else wouldn't make sense because of DO is supposed to have minimal latency ("instantiated in a data center selected to minimize latency from the hinted location")
